Ray, your show was
so amazing.
Thanks.
l wonder if you could
do me a favor.
l'm majoring in Music
Appreciation at U.N. Reno.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
And l'd like to show you how
much l appreciate your music.
Uh, sorry, my
girlfriend's calling.
Donna?
-How'd you know it was me?
-Lucky guess.
Uh, what's going on down
there-- a beach party?
No, l'm at the Peach Pit.
Clare's having some Open Mic
Night at the After Dark.
l don't know, some
performance art thing.
Sounds pretty deadly.
Well, the club
was doing a lot
better when you
were headlining.
You know, maybe l could talk
to Valerie about you coming...
Look, Donna, l don't need
a manager, okay?
l thought we played this tune.
Okay.
l just...
l'm sorry.
You know l, l can't wait
for you to come home.
Maybe you shouldn't
count on me.
But Saturday's your last show.
l know when my last show is.
l'm just not sure when
l'm gonna get down there.
Ray, it's been two months.
What's going on?
lt's, uh...
lt's complicated.
Well, let me make
it simple for you.
Do you want to see me or not?
You know l do. lt's...
lt's the rest of L.A.
l'm not so crazy about.
Your family, your friends.
l'm just not part of that scene.
Yeah, but Valerie said...
Look, the road is
good for me, okay?
l've been, l've been
writing a lot,
there's no distractions.
You know, maybe l should
just stay on tour.
Well, when am l gonna see you,
or am l just a distraction, too?
Well, get off your butt
and come up here.
We'll go on the road together.
So, that's what l'm supposed
to do for the rest of my life,
just follow you down the road?
l thought you loved me.
Of course l do.
You know that.
Well, good.
Then l'll see you up here.
Ray... Hello?
Donna, l can't hear a word
you're saying, all right?
l-l'll have to call you back
tomorrow, all right?
Love ya.
Yeah, love ya.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
On the hook,
l don't know why,
off the hook, l don't know why.
Spawn, lay.
One fish, two fish,
blowfish,
blue fish, live fish,
die fish,
l don't know why fish.
Are you for real,
or are you just reeling me in?
'Cause l'm reeling,
and l'm sinking fast,
hook line and sinker.
My head is swimming,
l'm in over my head,
fishing for compliments,
diving for life...
So, how's it going?
Um, Valerie said
she liked it, so, so...
Fishing for compliments.
Huh.
Diving for life,
in a deep sea-ted boat.
Help me, l'm floundering.
What a disaster!
l'm telling you, Valerie, After
Dark's got an identity crisis.
Since Ray's gone
people don't know what
to expect here anymore.
Can everybody just forget
about Ray Pruit
for about five minutes, okay?
The Peach Pit After Dark
is dying, okay?
Just like that fish
you got out there.
Look, we can't afford
midweek bands
and that's the only thing
that brings in crowds.
You know l'm not
supposed to get involved
in this late-night
club stuff,
you know that, but l'll tell
you what l'd do for you...
What, that sock hop thing?
No, hip-hop thing.
Very big difference.
lt's very cool.
l'm telling you, l've
already got the Funkmeister
David Silver interested
in fronting it.
And that's a selling point?
Oh, you'll see.
He's the man.
l'm telling ya, we'll
get a DJ, spin some tunes,
get a good dance groove going.
lt's pretty cool.
Very cheap.
Cheap is good.
After Dark.
No, l'm sorry,
Valerie isn't here.
No, no, l'm sorry,
Mr. Hud. Um...
Listen, l've got another call.
Can l put you on hold?
And stay there, you jerk!
-What's that all about?
-This Australian
metal death band-- Bloody Roo.
l almost booked them and now
they won't leave me alone.
So how about my idea?
Well, l can book the Australian
death metal band
or the Spawning
Salmon ballet,
or Steve Sanders' special.
l'm telling you, Valerie,
it'll be huge, it'll be so big,
it'll put you on the map,
you'll have your own zip code.
Just don't burn
the place down, okay?
Thank you both for coming.
Don't tell your friends.
Good night.
Well, that rotted huge.
Well, you tried your best.
l know.
That's why it's so depressing.
Donna, you need a ride home?
Um, l think l'm gonna stay
with Clare for awhile.
All right, l'll catch
you two later.
Oh, Monsieur Clever,
''catch you later,'' huh?
What is that?
Some kind of fish
-dig or something?
-See?
There you go, Clare.
lf it moves, dis it.
Come on, you guys.
Lighten up, okay?
Silver!
Just spoke to Valerie, we're on.
You're kidding me?
What? What's on?
Steve and l are now officially
doing a night at the club, too.
Oh, so we're in
competition now, huh?
Oh, Clare, give it
a rest, okay?
Look l-l'm gonna get
out of here.
l suddenly have this
craving for sushi.
lt's...
Everybody is at each
other's throats tonight.
lncluding Ray.
Well, maybe we should
go next door
and consume excess fat grams
to pacify our negative
emotions towards men.
Don't let David get you down.
l know.
He just makes me
so mad, you know.
You know what the
worst part is?
l really miss him.
A perfect 1 ,600 on his S.A.T.'s.
Number one in the National
Merit Scholarship,
Yeah, but was he the MVP
at the Super Bowl?
l'm not embarrassed by
academic recruiting, Brandon.
Warren Gruzin is the top-ranked
high school senior in America.
He could write
his own ticket.
You want me to make sure he
writes C.U. on that ticket?
l will not lose another
recruit to the lvy League.
Especially not
a California boy.
All right, l get the picture.
l'll take care of him.
Good. Because he needs
someone like you
who can speak
his own language.
He's, he's young.
How young?
Well, Warren.
This is, uh,
Brandon Walsh,
he's president of
our student body.
Hey, man.
So, uh... playing a little
Mortal Kombat there?
This is not a Game Boy.
lt's a multitasking notebook
that they gave me as a gift
for visiting M.l.T.
Excuse me.
So, uh, why don't
we just get going?
What part of the campus would
you like to see first?
As if it matters.
Between you and me,
this is a courtesy visit.
Only someone
with half a brain
would choose
C.U. over Harvard.
Which is perhaps
why you're here.
Okay, everything
copasetic?
Brandon?
Oh, yeah, everything's
just ducky, sir.
Hey, wait a second,
what's going on?
-Yo, what's your problem, man?
l didn't do nothing. -What do
you mean? You were playing
with my stuff. -Oh, yeah?
-This your club or something?
-Look, l'm supposed
to be here, okay?
And what's your deal?
-And be straight up or...
-Or what?
You gonna call the cops?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, l'm Juwan.
Willie's nephew.
You do know Willie
the cook, right?
Or do l got
to show l.D.?
You're Willie's nephew?
That's what l said, fool.
Relax, man, come on.
You're a musician.
You know what it's like when
somebody uses your gear.
Look, l'm sorry l went off
on you, all right?
l'm David Silver.
So, what was that thing
you were doing over here?
l don't remember.
Well, l do.
lt went kind of like, uh...
No, man, back up.
lt's more like this, bro.
What the hell is this?
Boy, get your butt
off that stage.
Your shift
just started.
All right, l'm coming.
Willie, why didn't
you tell me
you had a musical genius
in the family?
Oh, is that what he is?
Let's go, Juwan.
Brandon, hi.
Have you seen Valerie?
Uh, over by the
benches, l think,
pretending to study.
Thanks. Can l have a taste?
Ah, better not.
He'll have a fit if it's not
up to his specifications.
He? Who's he?
He who must be obeyed.
Gotta go, the master calls.
Oh...
Who's the babe with
the upper body pride?
Watch your mouth, junior.
She's a friend of mine.
Oh? And does she have
an equally talented
younger sister that you
could fix me up with?
Why don't you just hurry up
and eat that thing.
We got a lot to cover.
When are you gonna show
me something worthwhile?
Well, l hear the mathematics lab
has a display on Fuzzy Logic
that's pretty darn amusing.
l was writing definitive papers
on ''Fuzzy'' in the third grade.
Great, then l'll just take you
back to the Chancellor's office
and we can start off
fresh tomorrow.
No way l'm wasting
an evening
drinking tea and
playing Pictionary.
l'm staying with you.
No, you're not.
Brandon, let me explain this to
you in terms you'll understand.
Warren happy-- Chancellor happy.
Warren unhappy--
Chancellor unhappy.
Okay, again.
Slower this time.
Let me explain
this to you
in terms that you'll understand.
You're not staying with me.
Fine. Then l'll explain
to the Chancellor
that you've made it impossible
for me
to enroll at
dear old C.U.
l'm sure he'll be thrilled
to lose all the research
endowments l represent.
You don't really want
to stay with me.
Yes, l do.
Hey, Val.
Hey.
Look, l... l've been
meaning to talk to you.
Something the matter?
Well, l don't really
know how to say this,
so l guess l'm just going
to come right out and ask you.
Ask me what?
What happened
between you and Ray?
What do you mean?
Well, every time
l mention your name,
he goes nuts.
And when l asked him
about playing
at the Peach Pit
After Dark again,
he bit my head off.
Look, Donna, you and l
are friends, right?
l hope so.
Well, l hope so, too.
And that's why l want
to tell you the truth.
Look, Ray is
a great guy.
And when l first met him,
l was attracted to him.
And l guess l may
have given him
kind of some
mixed signals.
Do l want to hear
the rest of this?
Yeah. You do.
Look, the one thing l know
is how much
Ray really loves you.
l don't know.
l feel like l'm losing him.
No way. He's crazy about you.
He wants me
to come up to Reno.
He thinks l should
drop everything
and go on the road,
like that's a solution
to anything.
So, look, l...
l was wondering
if you could help.
Well, sure. How?
Well, maybe if Ray
felt like he had a place
to play in L.A.,
he would think differently
about coming back.
You know, this could work out
well for the both of us.
l would love to have Ray
playing at the club again.
You would?
That's great.
l feel a thousand times better.
You know, you can call him up
in Reno tonight.
l mean, if that's
not a problem for you.
No. No problem.
lt'll be my pleasure.
Just leave everything to me,
okay?
Okay.
Continue to let go
of everything
but the sound of my voice.
Breathe deeply.
You feel calm, physically
and emotionally refreshed.
Begin to be aware
of your surroundings now,
feel yourself in the room,
and open your eyes
whenever you feel ready.
How do you feel?
Good.
Fine.
l'm ready.
Great.
l think that's enough for now.
Didn't work, huh?
l told you.
lt worked
fine, Dylan.
l just don't want
to go too far too fast.
l was awake the whole time.
Nothing happened.
Well, it's a trance.
lt's not a nap.
l think we could do your
first regression tonight.
You didn't hypnotize me, Molly.
l wasn't out.
Oh, really?
Well, then,
what's that in your hand?
Open it and see.
David, l appreciate
what you're trying to do,
but the boy is trouble.
Can't say no
to a fight.
Hey, Willie.
-Steve.
-What's up?
l just hope you boys
know what you're doing.
Yeah, we do.
What's he talking about?
Well, l found
the dopest young player,
and l want him to, uh, DJ
at the club tomorrow night.
You know,
phatten it up a little bit.
Great. The phatter,
the better.
But what does that have
to do with Willie?
Well, it's Willie's nephew.
That gangster kid?
That kid that Nat's
letting wash dishes
so he's not on the street
shooting people?
Nat?
Could you help
me out here, please?
Would you tell Steve
that you give Juwan
your seal of approval?
All l can say is
he's a good kid.
Well, of course he is.
-That's why he's in trouble
with the law. -l would think
that you, of all people,
would understand the concept
of a second chance.
Oh, really?
Well, you know what?
l may screw up now and again,
but at least
l'm not out
doing drive-bys
or selling drugs
on the corner
of Crack and Eight-Ball.
Come on, Steve.
Since l hired him,
he's been on time every day.
He takes two buses
to get here.
How long would you last
at $4.25 an hour?
Great. So let's give
the rich kid a guilt trip.
Steve, come on, man.
He's not a charity case.
He's a really good player.
Well, he is Willie's nephew.
So we're all okay with this now?
Great.
l just gotta get permission
from Juwan's parole officer.
Parole officer?
Steve, l'll take care of it,
okay?
You know,
you don't have to fight.
You don't have to fight.
l don't care what it is,
you ain't gotta fight unless
somebody just commits
to start beating you--
just beating on you.
You know, like they say, you
know, uh... ''Sticks and stones
break my bones. Words never
hurt me.'' That's wrong.
You know, words do hurt,
but yet, still,
you got that... you got
your thoughts in yourself.
So, you... y-you in control
of your mind.
You make, you make your mistakes
and you make your decisions,
and the decision that you need
to make is to squash it.
Let me break you all
to something,
my young brothers and sisters.
lt takes a lot
more heart,
a lot more guts,
to walk away from a fight.
A man needs his props.
That ain't no lie.
But it's like the lce-man says,
''You got to check yourself
before you wreck yourself.''
Squash it!
Walk away.
Chill.
See you next week.
Peace.
Yo, Juwan.
Yo, who's this?
Your white shadow?
Yo, man. Chill out, man.
Yo, l'm not the one
that's dogging you.
Juwan...
Look, what are you
here for, man?
Not a conflict avoidance
class, l take it.
No, man, but that, uh, Squash lt
stuff sounded pretty cool.
-Oh, yeah. Like he knows
about it. -Right.
Look, David, man, my
uncle's gonna pick me up.
He don't like me being
late, all right? So...
Well, no. l already talked to
Willie and your parole officer,
and l'm your designated
driver for tonight.
Juwan, come on, man.
We're not waiting.
Yeah, all right, man.
l'll get with y'all later.
All right, man,
what's this all about?
Well, l'm doing this thing
at the club tomorrow night,
and l wanted to know if, uh, if
you want to be a part of it.
What do you mean? Play?
Yeah.
Yo, l don't think
you talked to Willie.
No, no. lt was
a tough sell, but he agreed.
Why is he always bugging
about your music, anyway?
Man, Willie thinks
there's no difference
between gangsta rap
and gangstas.
l mean, he thinks
music is just
gangs, drugs
and bad news, man.
Then we'll show him it ain't.
We?
Yeah. You and me.
All right. Hey but, you know,
l gotta warn you.
-l never played in front
of a crowd. -Yeah, well, that
makes us even, 'cause l haven't
played in about a year.
So what do you think?
l think we need to rehearse.
Great, man. Then, uh, you'll
come by tomorrow morning,
and we'll
take it from there.
Cool.
Cool, man.
All right, man.
lt smells like
Kelly's perfume.
lt's Wisteria.
lt's supposed to help
open the door
between the conscious
and the subconscious.
You ready?
Yeah.
Okay.
Good. Now, picture yourself
at the top
of a long, long staircase.
And as you step down,
each step you take,
you get more and more relaxed.
Good. Now, step down...
deeper... deeper...
Good.
There's a feeling
you have.
You feel it
in your stomach.
Go back to a time
when you felt it before.
What do you see?
l don't know.
l can't see. lt's foggy.
lt's real cold and dark.
Where? Where are you?
There's a train.
A train is coming,
and there's...
there's a bell ringing.
There's a bell. lt's ringing.
lt's ringing. lt's ringing.
Hello. This is a
computer-generated phone call.
Did you know there...?
-Damn it!
-l'm sorry. That was my fault.
l should have turned off
the stupid phone.
lt was me... but it wasn't me.
l was in some kind
of railyard.
There was this old
car-- you know, like...
like a... like a Model-T.
l mean, it must have been the
1920s or the-the '30s.
You have made
incredible progress.
Next time, it's going
to be even easier.
Next time?
What about now?
l think you need
to be in a more relaxed state.
lt'll be better tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Don't look
so worried.
You'll get on that train.
Maybe that's what
l'm worried about.
Eh, Brandon will be
fine on the sofa--
don't you worry
about anything.
Cornell will put me
in a four-star hotel
with 24-hour room service.
Well, there's a bag of
chips in the desk, chief.
And, uh, thanks for your tip
on the reverse-amortization
formula.
No prob.
You didn't tell me
you live with your parents.
That's so pathetic.
lt's called reality.
You might want to
check it out sometime.
You know, you better hope
you inherited
your mother's genetic
information,
otherwise you're gonna
be an early candidate
for the Hair Club for Men.
Warren, at the other
campuses you visited,
how many of your tour guides
beat you senseless?
Brandon, you decent?
Oh, uh, l'm sorry,
l didn't know it was,
uh, Boy Scout night.
Warren, this is Valerie.
She's a student at C.U.
Warren is touring
the campus.
Junior high field trip?
You can breathe now.
Uh, hi.
Cute.
That was smooth.
Hello?
Hi. How you doing, Ray?
Who's this?
You know, l'm crushed
you don't recognize my voice.
Look, l don't have anything
to say to you, Valerie.
Not now, not ever.
When's Valerie
coming, anyway?
l just talked to her.
She's on her way.
l been waiting
all bloody morning.
And how come there
ain't no Bloody Roo
on this bloody jukebox?
What's wrong with helping
Ray's career a little?
You know, behind
every successful man
is the woman
who makes it necessary.
That has always sounded
a little sexual to me.
Guys, can we please
not talk about sex
when l'm not having any?
-Join the club.
Well, l thought
things were going
better for you guys.
Yeah, little by little.
l'm even getting
to like the idea
of ldaho.
Am l crazy or what?
No. Not if Jesse
makes you happy.
'Ello, darlin'.
Want to play a little
Kookaburra Carnival?
Kookaburra what?
lt's a game.
You lie on top of me,
and l guess your weight.
Just double your lQ.
Oh...
Oh, Hud, l'd like you
to meet, uh...
Kristin.
Kristin MacDougal.
We spoke
on the telephone.
Kristin...
Mr. Hud is extremely anxious
to see Valerie.
Well, l'm sorry,
Valerie is unavailable.
Look, l've had it with
your bloody excuses.
Valerie booked Bloody Roo,
and she's gonna bloody
well pay for Bloody Roo
before we leave
town tomorrow.
Well, unfortunately,
Valerie's under the weather.
Poor old thing had gum surgery.
And at her age, you know,
it could be very serious.
Bloody hell!
Somebody's gonna pay for
this-- bloody big-time!
Bye, luv.
l got to say, David's
looking better and better.
Hey, that's not
bad for, um...
For a what?
Come on, man.
l may be white,
but l ain't Vanilla.
There you go, now you got some
style to it, there you go.
Of course, man--
you taught me how to do it.
Come on, don't
leave me hanging.
lt ain't the worst thing
l ever heard, now.
Straight up, man...
why you doing this?
l mean, why you
putting yourself out for me?
Come on, man, it's no mystery--
l like the way you play.
And you're hoping some of this
will rub off on you, right?
Well, of course.
So what, do l pass
your soul test?
We gigging tonight,
or what?
Okay. Just as long
as you don't push
none of that
''ebony-ivory'' noise on me.
All right, man,
look, 6:00
we'll be here
for sound check, all right?
-Make sure and bring
some of your boys. -Yo, okay.
l got a rapper
or two we can add.
Yo, take some flyers
down to the center, too.
We need all the people
we can get.
6:00?
Yeah.
Yo, man, you better hurry up-- l
promised Willie you wouldn't be
-late for your shift.
-All right.
All right, man,
l'll see you.
See you later, man.
What are you, nuts?
Giving him flyers?
Steve, what are you
talking about?
You might as well
take an ad out in the
Bloods and Crips newsletter.
-Look, if you have a problem...
-What l have
is a probation officer--
just like the one
your little reclamation
project's got.
Hey, that's harsh, man.
So's putting my head
on the chopping block
when l asked
you not to.
You know l got
a court order against me.
l'm not gonna risk
doing time in jail
just so you can
play social worker.
Steve, that's not
what's happening here.
lf you want the hip-hop night
to happen so bad, fine.
But from this point on,
you're on your own.
Yo, where'd you get
your fly gear?
Must be Midnight Music Supply.
Yo, that's David's stuff,
man-- don't mess with it.
After Dark.
Hey, David.
Let me talk to Steve.
Steve's not around yet.
All right. Um, listen,
tell him something came up.
l've got to go out of town.
He's gonna have to handle
everything by himself.
All right, l'll, uh, l'll
give him the message. Thanks.
Bye.
Uh, can you speed it up?
l got to catch
a 7:00 flight to Reno.
So, who was that?
The boss-- she's not
coming in tonight.
So then who's
running the club?
Guess we are.
Remind me to thank Steve for
taking Warren off my hands.
l don't know what you've
been complaining about.
He seems like
a perfectly nice boy.
That's only because
you don't know him.
Kelly, you're up.
Thanks.
He's just lonely.
He told me you haven't
been very nice to him.
Well, it's official:
we're gonna make
him a KEG man.
You're pledging him?
l got to have somebody
to do my homework.
Yow! That is so gross!
-What happened?
-l don't know,
why don't you ask
your little pledge here?
-What happened?
-What'd you do, Warren?
Uh, l kind of lost control
of my cue.
Hey, don't
blame it on me-- it's gravity.
All right, that's it--
first you apologize to her,
and then you go get a mop
and you clean this up.
And you can go crying
to the Chancellor all you want
because we both know you
ain't coming to this school.
And as student body president,
l got to tell you something--
we don't want you!
Brandon, he's
just a little boy.
That little boy
had to be stopped.
He's a menace to society.
Warren's disappeared.
-What?
-Back door's open.
He's gone.
Hey, Willie, it's all right
to enjoy this, you know.
No, l can't really stay.
l, uh, l just want to
show David some support.
How do you stay friends with
someone after you break up?
l could never do that.
Oh, really?
Then why'd you come?
David!
Oh, he's happy now.
Guess what you're gonna
be doing after the show.
l don't think so, man,
not for a long time.
Really? What about
the other one?
No, man, she's an ex, too.
Really, man? She's giving
you the big old eyes, man.
You better get that.
l don't think so, man.
You know what, you have
a lot to learn about women,
and, uh, that woman is
not giving me the big eye.
Whatever.
You know, l've never seen
David onstage before.
He's hot.
What'd l tell you?
Well, it could be
an interesting evening.
Ha. Well, good luck.
And if you see Valerie,
will you tell her
-l want to know what happened
with Ray? -Yeah, sure.
-Good night.
l told you--
you ain't on the list.
And l don't know what old
lady you're talking about.
Valerie.
The old dear who
owns this hole.
Whatever you're on, man,
you ought to bottle it.
This is Valerie.
Right, mate.
l'm sorry for your troubles.
This is for
the four of us.
The rest is for you.
Let's go.
Hey, Hud, this place
is a bleedin' tea social.
Let's blow.
Don't you think we owe it
to dear old Valerie
to have at least
a dance or two?
l'm gonna call the cops.
l knew there'd
be trouble.
Why don't you
watch it, man?!
Shove, it mate!
Hey, hey, guys,
people, come on,
everybody relax.
This is just a party.
David, you okay, man?
Yeah, man, l'm fine.
Move over, boys.
Your gig's over.
The people want
to hear Bloody Roo.
-Right, lads?
-That's right! -Right!
Juwan, we can take
these crackers, man.
Just say the word.
Yo, come on, seriously,
can't we...
Bloody Roo!
-Bloody Roo! -Bloody Roo!
No more monkey music!
Yo, what did he just say?
Yo, go home, man.
Get off the bloody stage!
We ain't going nowhere, fool!
My boys are strapped!
-What's up? -Yo, seriously,
man, we don't need any trouble.
Oh, yeah?
Juwan!
Check yourself.
Nah, sit down, Willie--
you gonna live your whole life
without respect,
go ahead.
l ain't going out
like that.
Yeah, sit
down, Willie!
-Juwan... -Nah, this ain't
your fight, David.
Nobody's fighting here.
Baby boy's just talking.
Man, shut up, man!
Let's boogie!
Juwan! Don't let him
do it to you, man. Come on!
You know what l say, man?
The stage is yours.
What the hell is that?
Squash it, man, we out.
l knew you were cowards!
Cowards.
You're all bloody cowards!
Yeah!
Roo! Bloody Roo!
Yeah, l'll be right there.
Hold on a second.
Hi.
Aren't you gonna
invite me in?
What are you doing here?
Donna sent me.
Aren't you supposed to be
running a club or something?
lt runs itself.
Can you feel the track?
What do you see?
Moonlight.
l see moonlight.
l'm on a train
and it's moving.
l smell hay...
w-wine...
something else.
l'm not alone.
What good's all
that writing
if you ain't gonna
let nobody read it?
lt's not writing.
lt will be someday.
lt's just a bunch
of words right now.
Wake up, ya bums!
Nah, this one's clean.
All right. Come on out.
Bingo!
Ain't you a sweet thing?
Please!
Hey!
Hey what, Mac?
What are ya gonna do?!
Come on!
Yeah, big man.
l'll be seein' ya,
big man.
No, please!
Help me! Please!
Please! Please, help me!
You all right?
Now listen,
straight up, man,
l didn't think that ''squash it''
rap would do squat.
Then why'd you do it?
Man, l couldn't think
of anything else.
But you know, man...
that was one hard walk
to the door, you know?
l feel you, man,
but you did it.
Come on, Juwan.
Let's get home.
Yo, you mad at me,
Uncle Willie?
No, boy.
l'm proud of you.
Yo, later on, David.
All right, man.
Well, l guess there
won't be any hip-hop nights
in the near future.
Why not?
Did you see the door?
So what?
The whole night was
a total disaster.
There was no security, the front
of the club was a total mess.
You know what?
You just can't stand the fact
that my night did better
than yours, okay?
You know, you can just...
Hey, David,
squash it.
Please accept my apology
for everything l've ever done
or will do in the future.
You know what really bugs me?
Oh, l'm afraid to ask.
You were so hot up there,
l actually liked hip-hop.
Well, almost, anyway.
What was that for?
l don't know.
A preview
of coming attractions?
David and Clare, Part ll?
You know what?
lt's funny you said that
'cause l always thought sequels
were so underrated.
l don't get you, Valerie.
l never did.
That's why
l flew up here, Ray.
l didn't want you to
misunderstand my intentions.
Look, l got a show.
So why don't you tell me
what you want,
l'll say no, and we can
both get on with our lives?
Okay. Donna needs you.
She needs you back in L.A.
What does this have to do
with you?
Look, l want
to help Donna,
and l want to help you.
l'm asking you to play
at the After Dark.
And...?
That's it.
There's no hidden agenda.
l get it.
The club's bombing
and you need me.
The club is doing fine.
lt's cool.
This l can deal with.
lt's not me and Donna
you want to help. lt's you.
Look, Ray, this isn't about me.
lt's always about you, Valerie.
But if l do come back,
it'll be on my terms.
Okay, whatever you want.
This is more than business,
it's friendship.
You know, it's funny,
but l almost believe you.
People can change...
if you let 'em.
Dylan, just because
you saw it,
it doesn't mean
that it happened.
l mean, sometimes
it could just be
a message from the subconscious,
you know, like a dream.
Yeah, like a nightmare.
Well, we look to our past
to heal our future.
Even if it was true...
lt was true.
l know it's true like l know
l'm sitting here.
What l don't know is why.
Well, maybe the real question
is who?
l don't understand.
What you just experienced could
be just one link in the chain.
Maybe the answer lies
further back.
You think l knew this girl
in a different lifetime?
lt's possible
you were betrayed
by another woman,
that your heart shut down
in order to survive.
Anyway,
what you did isn't as important
as what you're gonna do.
What's that?
Find out the truth
about yourself.
Did you hear
what happened?
Steve called,
so did Chancellor Arnold.
-You know, l have to tell you...
-You know, Dad,
l don't care about the
Chancellor,
l don't care
about the endowment.
What if something's happened
to the kid?
Nothing happened to Warren.
He's here.
He is?
Yeah, he's in the kitchen.
How did you get here?
Duh. l took a cab.
ls he okay?
He's been here
about an hour.
He's fine.
Good.
Now l can kill him.
First you can have
some ice cream.
And then you two
will talk.
l don't like it
when people yell at me.
You know, Warren,
if you're gonna go to college,
you're gonna have to learn how
to be a little more mature.
l don't want to go to college.
l thought that was the whole
point of this exercise.
Well, l kind of have to.
l can't just stay home
and do nothing.
But if l leave,
then l'll miss my family...
my dog, my room.
l have a really great room.
You know, l thought a smart guy
like you
would've figured this out.
What? l should go to Harvard?
No. Aren't there any colleges
near where you live?
Yeah, a state school.
Well, l know a lot
of extremely cool people
that go to state schools
and live at home.
-Guys like you.
-You go there
for a couple of years, you
transfer when you're ready.
Maybe l will.
l guess our family atmosphere
kind of rubbed off on you, huh?
Yeah!
l'll never forget
Valerie's hooters.
-Hey.
Thanks for waiting.
Well, everybody wants
a piece of the star.
l'm no star.
Well, not yet.
But the After Dark crowd's
really in for a treat.
Yeah, l'm looking forward to
going back, playing again.
Oh, is that all
you're looking forward to?
And seeing Donna.
Then my work here is done.
What?
l don't know.
You just, uh...
You're really different.
l'm trying to be.
Come on.
l'll give you a ride
to the motel.
l'm still pretty
wound up.
Yeah, me, too.
lt was a great show.
Thanks. You wanna grab a
cup of coffee or something?
Or something.
l thought you changed.
This is Reno, Ray.
Why don't we just roll the dice
and see what happens?
No way.
Good answer.
Because if you said yes, l would
have had to tell Donna.
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org